# DynamicA3 - Better Bridge
<h2>What does it do?</h2>
<p>Better Bridge is an extension for Chrome-based browsers that aims to create a better user experience on the University of Lethbridge's "bridge" site. As the site was originally made up of simple text and hyper links, the site can be quite boring and sometimes even difficult to navigate. I sought out to improve the user experience as much as I could through the creation of div elements and more interactive buttons. Added to this, I shortened some of the lengthy text that cluttered the screen previously, and made more dynamic alignment for an ever so slightly more enjoyable viewing and reading process. The navigation bar was difficult to handle, so where I originally wanted to create a burger menu to condence the boring list on the screen, I opted to adding a gradient to pursue visual interest and aesthetics as the original creators of the site apparently did not want anyone improving this web space. In case any elements in the DOM are deleted by accident <em>(I checked most and all the important information)</em> remained or strange interaction with other pages occurs with the new styling, the popup window allows users to return the main content back to its bland state. Some changes stay the same, but only the safe / minimal styling targets that don't affect the functionality of the site.<em>I'd rather have the option to turn it off, as if I missed registration for a class due to an extension I wrote I would be quite livid.</em></p>
<h2>Why?</h2>
<p>I decided that this site needed changing long ago, but didn't have the tools to do it. This is a frustration I have actually <em>bonded</em> over with other classmates as there is a collective hate for the site in both the student body and the employees. This is a space where digitally, all types of people engage, so for it to be so unintuitive and ugly is a problem in my eyes. Although targeting the more advanced menus like the advanced class search and timesheet log would have been invaluable, the time and knowledge needed to do this is beyond what I imagine any reasonable person has. I would have liked to pick away at these deeper elements in the site, but while looking at the site, I noticed how primitive it looked in general. The point of this extension was to alleviate <em>some</em> of that feeling while maintaining the usability and familiarity that so many students have built through use of the site.

<h2>Image sources:</h2>

<p>Icons: Created by Hans Bachman</p>

<p>Background image:</p> <a href="https://www.ulethbridge.ca/research/about"> University of Lethbridge about page </a>
